index.md, before:

---
title: Kevin E Claytor
subtitle: Projects and Posts on Physics and Programming
layout: page
hero_image: /assets/images/hero.png
---

# Nice to meet you!

I'm physicist at the US Army CCDC Army Research Laboratory.
This is the home of my personal blog and project directory and represent only my views, not those of my current employer.

Feel free to [get in touch](/contact/).

# Academic Work

You can read up on the previous research project I've been involved in.
Or take a look at the publication list can also give you a quick overview of my work.

# Personal Projects

I enjoy to tinker on my own as well.
Most of these projects mix a hardware and software component, to make something that is interactive.
Some of my current favorites are;
- [My electric mandolin](/2015/08/15/emando/)
- [The Toblerone clock](2013/05/22/toblerone/)

# Programming Projects

I've worked in a variety of languages from MATLAB to Mathematica to Python.
You can find some of these projects on this page, but I have migrated most to [github]().

Commit message:

Netrunner boxes and ruby updates

index.md, after:

---
title: Kevin E Claytor
subtitle: Projects and Posts on Physics and Programming
layout: page
hero_image: /assets/images/hero.png
---

# Nice to meet you!

I'm physicist at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory.
This is the home of my personal blog and project directory and represent only my views, not those of my current employer.

Feel free to [get in touch](/contact/).

# Academic Work

You can read up on the previous research project I've been involved in.
Or take a look at the publication list can also give you a quick overview of my work.

# Personal Projects

I enjoy to tinker on my own as well.
Most of these projects mix a hardware and software component, to make something that is interactive.
Some of my current favorites are;
- [Netrunner boxes](/2022/11/11/netrunner-boxes)
- [My electric mandolin](/2015/08/15/emando/)
- [The Toblerone clock](/2013/05/22/toblerone/)

# Programming Projects

I've worked in a variety of languages from MATLAB to Mathematica to Python.
You can find some of these projects on this page, but I have migrated most to [github](https://github.com/KEClaytor/).
